when he had was dead the children of
when he had was dead the children of Israel again did evil in the sight of
Israel again did evil in the sight of
Israel again did evil in the sight of the Lord so the Lord sold them into the
the Lord so the Lord sold them into the
the Lord so the Lord sold them into the hand of Jabin king of Canaan who reigned
hand of Jabin king of Canaan who reigned
hand of Jabin king of Canaan who reigned in Hazel the commander of his army was
in Hazel the commander of his army was
in Hazel the commander of his army was Sisera who dwelt in a rochev are gone
Sisera who dwelt in a rochev are gone
Sisera who dwelt in a rochev are gone and the children of Israel cried out to
and the children of Israel cried out to
and the children of Israel cried out to the Lord
the Lord
the Lord for Jabin had 900 chariots of iron and
for Jabin had 900 chariots of iron and
for Jabin had 900 chariots of iron and for twenty years he had harshly
for twenty years he had harshly
for twenty years he had harshly oppressed the children of Israel now
oppressed the children of Israel now
oppressed the children of Israel now Deborah a prophetess the wife of lappa
Deborah a prophetess the wife of lappa
Deborah a prophetess the wife of lappa death was judging Israel at that time
death was judging Israel at that time
death was judging Israel at that time and she would sit under the palm tree of
and she would sit under the palm tree of
and she would sit under the palm tree of Deborah between Rama and Bethel in the
Deborah between Rama and Bethel in the
Deborah between Rama and Bethel in the mountains of Ephraim and the children of
mountains of Ephraim and the children of
mountains of Ephraim and the children of Israel came up to her for judgment then
Israel came up to her for judgment then
Israel came up to her for judgment then she sent and called for Derek the son of
she sent and called for Derek the son of
she sent and called for Derek the son of AB in Elam from Kadesh in naft Allah has
AB in Elam from Kadesh in naft Allah has
AB in Elam from Kadesh in naft Allah has not the Lord God of Israel commanded go
not the Lord God of Israel commanded go
not the Lord God of Israel commanded go and deploy troops at Mount Tabor take
and deploy troops at Mount Tabor take
and deploy troops at Mount Tabor take with you ten thousand men of the sons of
with you ten thousand men of the sons of
with you ten thousand men of the sons of Naphtali and of the sons of Zebulun and
Naphtali and of the sons of Zebulun and
Naphtali and of the sons of Zebulun and against you I will deploy Sisera the
against you I will deploy Sisera the
against you I will deploy Sisera the commander of jebin's army with his
commander of jebin's army with his
commander of jebin's army with his chariots and his multitude at the river
chariots and his multitude at the river
chariots and his multitude at the river kai-shan and I will deliver him into
kai-shan and I will deliver him into
kai-shan and I will deliver him into your hand
your hand
your hand and bay RAC said to her if you will go
and bay RAC said to her if you will go
and bay RAC said to her if you will go with me then I will go but if you will
with me then I will go but if you will
with me then I will go but if you will not go with me I will not go I will
not go with me I will not go I will
not go with me I will not go I will surely go with you
surely go with you
surely go with you nevertheless there will be no glory for
nevertheless there will be no glory for
nevertheless there will be no glory for you in the journey you are taking for
you in the journey you are taking for
you in the journey you are taking for the Lord will sell Sisera into the hand
the Lord will sell Sisera into the hand
the Lord will sell Sisera into the hand of a woman then Debora arose and went
of a woman then Debora arose and went
of a woman then Debora arose and went with beric to Kadesh and barrack called
with beric to Kadesh and barrack called
with beric to Kadesh and barrack called Zebulun and Naphtali to Kadesh he went
Zebulun and Naphtali to Kadesh he went
Zebulun and Naphtali to Kadesh he went up with ten thousand men under his
up with ten thousand men under his
up with ten thousand men under his command and Deborah went up with him now
command and Deborah went up with him now
command and Deborah went up with him now Heber the Kennett of the showroom of
Heber the Kennett of the showroom of
Heber the Kennett of the showroom of Hobart the father in law of Moses had
Hobart the father in law of Moses had
Hobart the father in law of Moses had separated himself from the canons and
separated himself from the canons and
separated himself from the canons and pitched his tent near the terebinth tree
pitched his tent near the terebinth tree
pitched his tent near the terebinth tree at Zeya name which is beside Kadesh and
at Zeya name which is beside Kadesh and
at Zeya name which is beside Kadesh and they reported to Sisera that they rack
they reported to Sisera that they rack
they reported to Sisera that they rack the son of a B no one had gone up to
the son of a B no one had gone up to
the son of a B no one had gone up to mount table
mount table
mount table so Sisera gathered together all his
so Sisera gathered together all his
so Sisera gathered together all his chance
chance
chance nine hundred chariots of iron and all
nine hundred chariots of iron and all
nine hundred chariots of iron and all the people who were with him on other
the people who were with him on other
the people who were with him on other chef are goin to the river kyshin then
chef are goin to the river kyshin then
chef are goin to the river kyshin then Deborah said to bear a key up for this
Deborah said to bear a key up for this
Deborah said to bear a key up for this is the day in which the Lord has
is the day in which the Lord has
is the day in which the Lord has delivered Sisera into your hand has not
delivered Sisera into your hand has not
delivered Sisera into your hand has not the Lord gone out before you so David
the Lord gone out before you so David
the Lord gone out before you so David went down from Mount Tabor with ten
went down from Mount Tabor with ten
went down from Mount Tabor with ten thousand men followed him old blankets
thousand men followed him old blankets
thousand men followed him old blankets his chariots all his army with the edge
his chariots all his army with the edge
his chariots all his army with the edge of the sword before bearing heat and
of the sword before bearing heat and
of the sword before bearing heat and Sisera alighted from his chariot and
Sisera alighted from his chariot and
Sisera alighted from his chariot and fled away on foot but Beira pursued the
fled away on foot but Beira pursued the
fled away on foot but Beira pursued the chariots in the army as far as perisheth
chariots in the army as far as perisheth
chariots in the army as far as perisheth ago you all the army of Sisera fell by
ago you all the army of Sisera fell by
ago you all the army of Sisera fell by the edge of the sword not a man was left
the edge of the sword not a man was left
the edge of the sword not a man was left however Sisodia had fled away on foot to
however Sisodia had fled away on foot to
however Sisodia had fled away on foot to the tent of jail the wife of heap at the
the tent of jail the wife of heap at the
the tent of jail the wife of heap at the kennen's
kennen's
kennen's for there was peace between Jabin King
for there was peace between Jabin King
for there was peace between Jabin King of Hazel and the house of Heber the
of Hazel and the house of Heber the
of Hazel and the house of Heber the cannot and jailed went out to meet
cannot and jailed went out to meet
cannot and jailed went out to meet Cicely and said to him turn aside my god
Cicely and said to him turn aside my god
Cicely and said to him turn aside my god turn aside to me
turn aside to me
turn aside to me do not fear
and when he had turned aside with her
and when he had turned aside with her into the 10th she covered him with a
into the 10th she covered him with a
into the 10th she covered him with a blanket please give me a little water to
blanket please give me a little water to
blanket please give me a little water to drink for I'm thirsty
drink for I'm thirsty
drink for I'm thirsty so she opened a jug of milk gave him a
so she opened a jug of milk gave him a
so she opened a jug of milk gave him a drink and covered him stand at the door
drink and covered him stand at the door
drink and covered him stand at the door of the tent and a funny man comes and
of the tent and a funny man comes and
of the tent and a funny man comes and inquires of you and says is there any
inquires of you and says is there any
inquires of you and says is there any man here you shall say no then jail he
man here you shall say no then jail he
man here you shall say no then jail he was wife took a tent peg and took a
was wife took a tent peg and took a
was wife took a tent peg and took a hammer in her hand and went softly to
hammer in her hand and went softly to
hammer in her hand and went softly to him and drove the peg into his temple
him and drove the peg into his temple
him and drove the peg into his temple and he went down into the ground for he
and he went down into the ground for he
and he went down into the ground for he was fast asleep and weary so he died and
was fast asleep and weary so he died and
was fast asleep and weary so he died and then as barek pursued Sisera Jo came out
then as barek pursued Sisera Jo came out
then as barek pursued Sisera Jo came out to meet
to meet
to meet come I will show you the man whom you
come I will show you the man whom you
come I will show you the man whom you seek and when he went into her tent
seek and when he went into her tent
seek and when he went into her tent there lay Susilo dead with the peg in
there lay Susilo dead with the peg in
there lay Susilo dead with the peg in his temple so on that day God subdued
his temple so on that day God subdued
his temple so on that day God subdued Jabin king of Kaman in the presence of
Jabin king of Kaman in the presence of
Jabin king of Kaman in the presence of the children of Israel
the children of Israel
the children of Israel and the hand of the children of Israel
and the hand of the children of Israel
and the hand of the children of Israel grew stronger and stronger against Jabin
grew stronger and stronger against Jabin
grew stronger and stronger against Jabin king of Canaan until they had destroyed
king of Canaan until they had destroyed
king of Canaan until they had destroyed Jaden
Jaden
Jaden king of King
king of King
king of King [Music]